--- Page 2 ---
Opening up a world of opportunity 
HSBC is one of the largest banking and financial 
services organisations in the world.
Guided by our purpose of opening up a world of 
opportunity, our ambition is to become the world’s 
most trusted bank globally, putting customers at 
the heart of everything we do. 
In this year’s report
Strategic report
2  Highlights
4  Who we are
5  Group Chairman’s shareholder letter 
7  Group CEO’s shareholder letter
9  Our strategy 
12  Financial overview
16  Business segments
25  ESG overview
27 Board engagement with stakeholders
  and decision making 
30  Risk overview
32  Long-term viability and going 
      concern statement
Environmental, social and
governance (‘ESG’) review
34  Environmental
52  Social
58  Governance
Financial review
66  Financial summary
76  Business segments and legal 
        entities
92  Alternative performance measures
Risk review
98  Our approach to risk
100  Top and emerging risks
105  Our material banking risks
Corporate governance report
187  Biographies of Directors and 
        senior management
200  Board committees
216  Directors’ remuneration report
Financial statements
253  Independent auditors’ report
262  Financial statements
274  Notes on the financial statements
Additional information
356  Shareholder information
366  Abbreviations
This Strategic Report was approved by the 
Board on 25 February 2026 and signed on its 
behalf by the Group Chairman. 
Brendan Nelson 
Group Chairman
A reminder 
The currency we report in is US dollars. 
Our approach to ESG reporting
We embed our ESG reporting and Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (‘TCFD’) within 
our Annual Report and Accounts. Our TCFD 
disclosures are highlighted with the following 
symbol: 
Use of alternative performance 
measures
We supplement our IFRS Accounting Standards 
figures with non-IFRS Accounting Standards 
measures used by management internally that 
constitute alternative performance measures under 
European Securities and Markets Authority guidance 
and non-GAAP financial measures defined in and 
presented in accordance with US Securities and 
Exchange Commission rules and regulations.
These measures are highlighted with the following 
symbol: ø
Ñ Further explanation may be found on page 66.
Financial targets
For our financial targets, medium term is defined as 
between three to five years, and long term as five to 
six years, from 1 January 2026.
Ñ See page 3 for details on our forward guidance 
and outlook.
None of the websites referred to in this Annual Report 
and Accounts 2025 for the year ended 31 December 
2025 (including where a link is provided), and none of 
the information contained on such websites, are 
incorporated by reference in this report.
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
TCFD

--- Page 3 ---
Performance in 2025
Our key performance indicators measure the progress we have 
made against our priorities for the benefit of all our stakeholders, 
and also inform remuneration outcomes across the Group. 
Financial performance 
indicators
Ñ Read more on our financial performance in 2025 
on pages 2 and 14. 
Ñ For an explanation of performance against our 
key Group financial targets, see page 12.
Ñ To better align with market practice, from our 
2025 full-year results we no longer adjust the 
‘average tangible equity‘ for the post-tax impact 
of notable items in each period. Comparatives 
have been re-presented. This revision improved 
RoTE excluding notable items by 16 basis points 
(‘bps’) in 2025 (2024: (34)bps).
Ñ For a reconciliation of alternative performance 
measures to their reported equivalents, see 
page 92.
Return on average tangible equity 
(‘RoTE’) ø  
13.3%
(2024: 14.6%)
  
Profit before tax
$29.9bn
(2024: $32.3bn)
RoTE excluding notable items ø   
17.2%
(2024: 15.6%)
Constant currency profit before tax 
excluding notable items ø     	
$36.6bn 
(2024: $34.2bn)
Operating expenses
$36.4bn
(2024: $33.0bn)
			
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio
14.9%
(2024: 14.9%) 
Target basis operating expenses ø 
$33.5bn
(2024: $32.5bn)
Dividend per share in respect of 2025
$0.75
(2024 dividend per share: $0.87, inclusive 
of a special dividend of $0.21 per share)
Strategic performance 
indicators 
Ñ Read more on our strategy on pages 9 to 11.
Ñ Read more on our approach to ESG on page 25.
Ñ Read more on our definition of sustainable 
finance and investment on page 36.
 
Organisational simplification 
$1.2bn
Annualised impact of cost saving actions taken 
during 2025
Sustainable finance and investment 
$495.6bn
Cumulative total provided and facilitated 
since 1 January 2020.
(2024: $393.6bn)
Grow our Wealth business
$80bn
Net new invested assets generated in 2025, 
of which $39bn were in Asia.
(2024: $64bn generated, of which $47bn 
were in Asia)
Link to remuneration
Ñ For details of executive Directors’ pay and 
performance in 2025, see the Directors’ 
Remuneration Report on page 216.
Our remuneration policy supports the 
achievement of our strategic objectives by 
aligning reward with our long-term 
sustainable performance. This includes 
review of our performance against financial 
and non-financial metrics to determine overall 
variable pay for our colleagues and executive 
Directors. 
Key financial and strategic performance 
indicators included in the 2025 annual 
incentive and 2023-2025 long-term incentive 
scorecards of our executive Directors are 
highlighted by the following symbols:
Annual incentive
 Long-term incentive
Strategic report ESG review Financial review Risk review Corporate 
Governance Report
Financial  
statements
Additional 
information
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
1

--- Page 4 ---
Highlights
We are becoming a simple, more agile, focused bank, built on our core strengths.
Financial performance (vs 2024)
– Reported profit before tax decreased by 
$2.4bn to $29.9bn, mainly due to a $4.9bn 
year-on-year net adverse impact from 
notable items. Profit after tax decreased 
by $1.9bn to $23.1bn.
– In 2025, notable items included dilution and 
impairment losses of $2.1bn related to our 
associate Bank of Communications Co., 
Limited (‘BoCom‘), reserve recycling losses 
of $1.5bn following the completion of the 
sale of our French retained portfolio of home 
and certain other loans, legal provisions of 
$1.4bn and restructuring and other related 
costs associated with our organisational 
simplification of $1.0bn. In 2024, notable 
items included net losses relating to our 
disposals in Canada and Argentina of $1.4bn. 
– Constant currency profit before tax 
excluding notable items increased by 
$2.4bn to $36.6bn, from a strong 
performance in Wealth in our International 
Wealth and Premier Banking (‘IWPB’) and 
Hong Kong businesses, and from Wholesale 
Transaction Banking in our Corporate and 
Institutional Banking (‘CIB’) business. This 
was partly offset by a rise in expected credit 
losses and other credit impairment charges 
(‘ECL’) and an increase in operating 
expenses due to planned investment and 
inflation.
– RoTE in 2025 was 13.3%, compared with 
14.6% in 2024. Excluding notable items, 
RoTE in 2025 was 17.2%, a rise of 1.6 
percentage points compared with 2024. 
– Revenue of $68.3bn increased by $2.4bn 
or 4% compared with 2024. The increase 
was primarily due to fee and other income 
growth in Wealth from Investment 
Distribution and Insurance, and in Wholesale 
Transaction Banking, particularly in Foreign 
Exchange in CIB. This was partly offset by 
the year-on-year impact of notable items, 
mainly relating to business disposals and a 
dilution loss related to BoCom. Constant 
currency revenue excluding notable items 
rose by $3.4bn to $71.0bn.
– Net interest income (‘NII’) of $34.8bn was 
$2.1bn higher than 2024 reflecting the 
benefit of the reinvestment of our structural 
hedge at higher yields, deposit balance 
growth and higher NII in Markets Treasury. 
In addition, the increase included the non-
recurrence of a $0.2bn loss in 2024 on the 
early redemption of legacy securities. This 
was partly offset by the adverse year-on-
year impact of $1.6bn from business 
disposals in Argentina and Canada, and 
margin compression on our deposits. The 
growth in NII of $2.1bn also reflected a 
benefit from lower funding costs associated 
with the trading book of $1.7bn. Banking 
net interest income (‘banking NII’), which 
excludes these funding costs, increased 
by $0.3bn to $44.1bn.
– Net interest margin (‘NIM’) of 1.59% was 
3bps higher, reflecting the reinvestment of 
our structural hedge at higher yields.
– ECL were $3.9bn, an increase of $0.4bn 
compared with 2024, including charges in 
both periods related to the commercial real 
estate (‘CRE’) sectors in Hong Kong and 
mainland China. In 2025, the charge in this 
sector in Hong Kong of $0.7bn (2024: 
$0.1bn) reflected higher allowances for new 
defaulted exposures, the impact of an over-
supply of non-residential properties that has 
put continued downward pressure on rental 
and capital values, and updates to our 
models used for ECL calculations. The 2025 
charge in the mainland China CRE sector 
was $0.2bn (2024: $0.4bn). ECL were 39 
bps of average gross loans, including 
loans and advances classified as held for 
sale.
– Operating expenses increased by $3.4bn 
or 10% to $36.4bn. The increase primarily 
reflected notable items in 2025 of $3.0bn, 
including legal provisions of $1.4bn, 
restructuring and other related costs 
associated with our organisational 
simplification of $1.0bn, and $0.5bn related 
to disposals, wind-downs, acquisitions and 
related costs.
– Cost growth also reflected planned spend 
and investment in technology, higher 
performance-related pay and the impacts of 
inflation, partly offset by reductions related 
to our business disposals and the benefits of 
our organisational simplification.
– Target basis operating expenses rose by 
3%, in line with our cost growth target. This 
increase primarily reflected higher planned 
spend and investment in technology, higher 
performance-related pay and the impact of 
inflation, partly offset by the benefits of our 
organisational simplification.
– Customer lending balances rose by 
$57.7bn including favourable foreign 
currency translation differences. On a 
constant currency basis, lending balances 
rose by $17.6bn, mainly in our UK business 
reflecting growth in mortgage and 
commercial customer lending.
– Customer accounts rose by $131.9bn, 
including favourable foreign currency 
translation differences. On a constant 
currency basis, customer accounts 
increased by $67.6bn, with growth in all our 
businesses, particularly our Hong Kong 
business segment.
– Common equity tier 1 (‘CET1’) capital 
ratio remained at 14.9%. This reflected an 
increase in risk-weighted assets (‘RWAs‘), 
which was offset by an increase in CET1 
capital through capital generation net of 
distributions. The increase in RWAs was 
mainly driven by foreign currency translation 
differences and asset size movements.
– The Board has approved a fourth interim 
dividend of $0.45 per share, resulting in a 
total of $0.75 per share in respect of 2025.
Strategic report ESG review Financial review Risk review Corporate 
Governance Report
Financial  
statements
Additional 
information
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
2

--- Page 5 ---
Outlook 
Group financial targets
– We are targeting a  RoTE of 17% or better 
for 2026, 2027 and 2028, excluding 
notable items. Our revised target reflects 
momentum in our earnings and the positive 
progress we are making in our strategic 
execution.
– We are targeting  year-on-year growth in 
revenue from 2026 to 2028, rising to 5% 
growth in 2028 compared with 2027 
excluding notable items and on a constant 
currency basis.
– We maintain our dividend payout ratio 
target basis of 50% in 2026, 2027 and 
2028. Our target basis payout ratio is 
calculated as a percentage of earnings per 
share (‘EPS’) excluding material notable 
items and related impacts. 
In respect of 2026:
– We expect banking NII of at least $45bn, 
based on our current expectations for policy 
rates.
– We expect ECL charges as a percentage of 
average gross loans to be around 40bps 
in 2026 (including held for sale loan 
balances). Over the medium term, we retain 
our planning range of 30-40bps.
– We retain our commitment to Group-wide 
cost discipline. We are targeting growth in 
target basis operating expenses of 
approximately 1% compared with 2025.
– Our target basis operating expenses 
measure excludes notable items and 
includes the impact of simplification-related 
saves associated with our announced 
reorganisation.
– We intend to continue to manage the CET1 
capital ratio within our medium-term 
target range of 14%–14.5%. Capital may fall 
below our target range during January 2026 
owing to the privatisation of Hang Seng 
Bank, which had a net CET1 capital impact of 
110bps in January 2026 (based on our CET1 
capital ratio as at 31 December 2025). This 
included a day one impact of around 120bps 
on CET1, partly offset by a release of around 
10bps of incremental hedging-related 
structural foreign exchange RWAs. 
– We expect to restore our CET1 capital ratio 
within our target range through a 
combination of organic capital generation and 
not initiating any further buy-backs until CET1 
capital is back within, or above, this range. A 
decision to recommence buy-backs will be 
subject to our normal buy-back 
considerations and process on a quarterly 
basis.
Ñ Our targets and expectations reflect our current 
outlook for the global macroeconomic 
environment and market-dependent factors, 
such as market-implied interest rates (as of end 
January 2026) and rates of foreign exchange, as 
well as customer behaviour and activity levels.
Ñ We do not reconcile our forward guidance on 
RoTE excluding notable items, constant currency 
revenue excluding notable items, target basis 
operating expenses, dividend payout ratio target 
basis or banking NII to their equivalent reported 
measures.
Ñ See pages 93 to 94 for a further explanation of 
RoTE excluding notable items, constant currency 
revenue excluding notable items, banking NII, 
target basis operating expenses and dividend 
payout ratio target basis. For further information 
on our CET1 ratio, see page 158.
Reshaping the Group for growth
Privatisation of Hang Seng Bank
– On 26 January 2026, we completed our 
privatisation of Hang Seng Bank, following 
shareholder and Court approval. Hang Seng 
Bank is now a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of the HSBC Group and Hang Seng Bank 
shares have been withdrawn from the Hong 
Kong Stock Exchange. This transaction 
demonstrates our confidence in the outlook 
for Hong Kong and further strengthens our 
market-leading position.
– Through the privatisation of Hang Seng 
Bank, we expect to realise $0.5bn in pre-tax 
revenue and cost synergies across both our 
brands in Hong Kong by the end of 2028, 
with associated restructuring costs of 
$0.6bn. These costs would be reported as a 
material notable item. We intend to redeploy 
savings we realise from cost synergies into 
areas of competitive advantage and 
accretive returns.
– We also have an ambition to generate 
further revenue and cost opportunities of 
around $0.4bn by the end of 2028 across 
both our brands in Hong Kong.
Organisational simplification
– At our 2024 full-year results we announced 
measures to simplify the Group, and we 
have committed to deliver an annualised 
reduction of around $1.5bn in our cost 
base, expected by the end of 2026 from 
our organisational simplification programme. 
– We are on track to have taken actions to 
deliver our $1.5bn annualised cost 
reduction by the end of June 2026, which is 
six months earlier than planned. In 2025, 
we identified and actioned annualised 
cost savings of approximately $1.2bn, 
which resulted in a reduction of around 
$0.6bn in operating expenses in the 
income statement in 2025. In this period 
we incurred $1.0bn in restructuring and 
other related costs, primarily related to 
severance.
Strategic transactions
– We are also focused on opportunities where 
we have a clear competitive advantage and 
accretive returns, and we aim to redeploy 
approximately $1.8bn of additional costs 
saved from non-strategic activities into 
these areas over the medium term. The 
increase from $1.5bn reflects our intention 
to redeploy an additional $0.3bn of costs 
saved from the synergies generated from 
our privatisation of Hang Seng Bank.
– In 2025, we announced a further 11 
transactions, which are set to create 
incremental investment capacity for 
growth. During the fourth quarter of 2025, 
we completed the sales of our French 
retained portfolio of home and certain other 
loans, our France life insurance business, our 
German private banking business and our 
Bahrain retail banking business. Completed 
or announced transactions are expected to 
generate approximately $0.7bn of annualised 
cost capacity for reallocation. The associated 
businesses contributed around $1.0bn to 
revenue in 2025. 
– Targeted strategic reviews of our retail 
businesses in Australia, Indonesia and 
Egypt remain underway on which no 
decisions have been made. Our CIB 
businesses in these markets are unaffected 
by these reviews. In addition, we have 
commenced a strategic review of HSBC 
Life Singapore. 
Progress in growth areas
– In Wealth, we are investing in Wealth 
Centres and hiring additional relationship 
managers. Wealth balances as at 31 
December 2025 across all of our business 
segments were $2.1tn, an increase of 
16% compared with the same period last 
year. Within this we have attracted net 
new invested assets of $80bn, with 
$39bn booked in Asia. This compared with 
net new invested assets in 2024 of $64bn, 
with $47bn booked in Asia.
– Transaction banking continues to perform 
well as we leverage our network and 
capabilities to capture opportunities from 
changing trade and capital flows. In 2025, 
fee and other income in Wholesale 
Transaction Banking performed well, 
rising by 4% compared with 2024, 
particularly from growth in Global Foreign 
Exchange.
Ñ For more details on our strategic progress in 
2025, see ‘Our strategy’ on page 9.
Ñ For more details on our businesses held for sale 
and disposal groups, see Note 23 on the 
financial statements on page 329.
Strategic report ESG review Financial review Risk review Corporate 
Governance Report
Financial  
statements
Additional 
information
Highlights
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
3

--- Page 6 ---
Who we are
Founded in 1865, HSBC is one of the world’s largest banking and financial services
organisations. We’re here to use our expertise, capabilities, breadth and
perspectives to help open up a world of opportunity for our customers.
Our strategy Our strategy supports our ambition to be the most trusted bank globally, putting customers at the heart of 
everything we do. We help meet our customers’ financial needs and support them to achieve their goals 
with our products and services, while navigating the complexities of the global market through our deep 
international network, supported with the stability and strength of our balance sheet.
Our priorities uBe simple            
and agile
u Drive customer-   
centricity
u Deliver focused 
sustainable growth
Ñ See page 9 for further details on 
our strategy. 
We aim to make fast, safe 
decisions – adapting to change 
by staying relevant, driving 
simplification and being future 
ready through technology and 
digitisation.
We are intensely focused on 
our customers – helping to 
deliver excellent outcomes, 
drive loyalty, and serve our 
customers for the long term 
through the depth of what we 
offer as a franchise.
As a leading international bank, 
we aim to drive long-term, 
sustainable growth, focused on 
areas of competitive strength.
Our organisational 
structure
Since 1 January 2025, the HSBC Group has operated through four new businesses to simplify our 
organisational structure and accelerate delivery against our strategic priorities.
Revenue by business ($bn)1
1    Calculation based on revenue of our business 
segments excluding Corporate Centre. 
Hong Kong UK
Our Hong Kong business has a leading 
market position. It comprises Retail Banking 
and Wealth and Commercial Banking of 
HSBC Hong Kong and Hang Seng Bank. 
Our UK business has a leading market 
position. It comprises Retail Banking and 
Wealth (including first direct and M&S 
Bank) and UK Commercial Banking, 
including HSBC Innovation Bank.  
Corporate and Institutional 
Banking
International Wealth and  
Premier Banking
Our CIB business is a market leader in 
cross-border transaction banking and capital 
markets. It integrates our Commercial 
Banking business (outside the UK and Hong 
Kong) with our Global Banking and Markets 
business. 
Our IWPB business comprises Premier 
banking outside of Hong Kong and the UK, 
our Private Bank, Asset Management and 
Insurance businesses.
Ñ See pages 16 to 24 for further details on our four businesses and Corporate Centre. 
Our values 
At HSBC, our values guide us in all our actions – from strategic decisions to day-to-day interactions with customers and each other. Our values are 
rooted in HSBC’s history, heritage and character, and help us deliver on our purpose.
We get it done We value difference We take responsibility We succeed together
Moving at pace and making 
things happen
Seeking out different 
perspectives
Holding ourselves accountable 
and taking the long view
Collaborating across 
boundaries
Strategic report ESG review Financial review Risk review Corporate 
Governance Report
Financial  
statements
Additional 
information
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
4
CIB
$27.6bn
IWPB
$14.5bn
UK
$12.9bn
HK
$15.9bn

--- Page 7 ---
Group Chairman’s shareholder letter
It is with great pride that I have begun my 
tenure as Group Chairman of HSBC. I am truly 
privileged to serve such a remarkable 
institution, working alongside exceptionally 
talented colleagues. 
Our 161-year history is firmly rooted in the 
objective set by HSBC’s founders – to 
establish a bank in Hong Kong and Shanghai 
that would facilitate local and international 
trade.
By not losing sight of that foundational 
objective and by remaining true to our purpose 
and values, we have focused on what matters 
most – our customers – moving forward 
together through these most complex of 
times. 
Building on that forward momentum, the 
Board and I will continue to closely partner 
with our highly capable CEO, Georges 
Elhedery, and his management team who are 
accelerating the execution of our strategy, 
with discipline and confidence. 
A Modern HSBC: Simple and More Agile 
A key catalyst for achieving that acceleration 
was the introduction in January 2025 of our 
new organisational structure centred on our 
four businesses: Hong Kong, the UK, 
Corporate and Institutional Banking, and 
International Wealth and Premier Banking.
By halving the number of operating 
businesses and significantly streamlining the 
new Operating Committee of the Group, we 
embarked on a journey to become a simple 
and more agile organisation; a modern 
institution that reflects its cherished legacy, 
while embracing technological advances as a 
core enabler of future growth, 
competitiveness, and, ultimately, customer 
aspirations. 
Today, HSBC is clear on its core strengths, 
investing to further develop our competitive 
advantages and deliver sustainable growth, 
with an entirely attainable ambition to be the 
most trusted bank globally, putting customers 
at the heart of everything we do.
Global Context 
Global growth in 2025 was stronger than 
expected, as the tariff-related headwinds were 
offset by the significant momentum generated 
by AI capital expenditure and trade growth, 
and by the support provided by the ever-
resilient US consumer.
The global geopolitical context was marked by 
continued uncertainty. The war in Ukraine, 
which has entered its fifth year, and conflicts 
in the Middle East and elsewhere, continue to 
have significant human consequences.      
In parallel, the changing approach to global 
trade relations has increased economic 
uncertainty. But as the resilience of global 
trade growth demonstrates, the inter-
connectedness of the global economy, 
underpinned by growing trade flows, is 
compelling. 
Faced with the re-configuration of the 
globalised world, HSBC is optimally positioned 
to help our customers capture the meaningful 
opportunities that are driving the global 
economy forward, across geographies and 
throughout our unique global network. Our 
strong financial performance and material 
returns in 2025 point to that dynamic, along 
with our focused approach to implementing 
our strategic priorities. 
2025 Performance 
In 2025, we delivered reported profit before 
tax of $29.9bn. Our return on average tangible 
equity was 13.3%, or 17.2% excluding the 
impact of notable items.  
We delivered material returns for our 
shareholders. The Board approved a fourth 
quarterly dividend of $0.45 per share, bringing 
the total dividend announced for 2025 to $0.75 
per share. In addition, we announced two 
share buy-backs in respect of 2025 worth a 
total of $6bn. 
Dividends paid in 2025, together with a more 
than 49% increase in the share price, delivered 
a total shareholder return for the year of more 
than 57%. 
With our realigned structure providing a 
decisive impetus, we achieved broad-based 
profit generation through geographic and 
business diversification. Our performance 
reflects that, as does our ability to invest for 
growth, while continuing to optimise cost and 
capital allocation. Indeed, we are keeping to 
our committed objective of delivering $1.5bn 
of organisational simplification savings and 
expect to have taken the relevant actions to 
achieve it by the end of June 2026, which is 
six months earlier than planned.   
Strategic report ESG review Financial review Risk review Corporate 
Governance Report
Financial  
statements
Additional 
information
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
5
Brendan Nelson
Group Chairman
We delivered strong performance and material returns for our 
shareholders in 2025. By leveraging our unique global network and 
leading capabilities, we helped our customers see past the sustained 
uncertainty in the international environment and find the opportunities  
that are driving the global economy forward. 

--- Page 8 ---
”Today, HSBC is clear 
 on its core strengths,  
 investing to further 
 develop our competitive
 advantages and deliver
 sustainable growth, with
 an entirely attainable
 ambition to be the most
 trusted bank globally,
 putting customers at
 the heart of everything
 we do.”
  
Against this backdrop, we believe that the 
privatisation of Hang Seng Bank is a milestone 
development that brings together two seminal 
institutions that have served Hong Kong – a 
home market for the Group – for generations. 
We are absolutely committed to building on 
that valued legacy. While respecting Hang 
Seng’s heritage and retaining its brand and 
distinct customer proposition, we will continue 
to invest and build on the complementary 
strengths of our businesses, to the benefit of 
our valued customers and the communities 
that we serve. 
Sustainability
Our ambition remains to become a net zero 
bank by 2050. Supporting our customers is 
core to our strategy – financing their transition 
is both critical to them and aligned to our net 
zero ambition.
In November 2025, we published our updated 
Net Zero Transition Plan, setting out our 
commercially-grounded sustainability strategy, 
which reflects the realities of an evolving 
global transition. We also set out our updated 
interim financed emissions targets, metrics 
and associated policies, seeking to remain 
science-aligned and compatible with our own 
net zero ambition.
We believe that supporting our customers’ 
transition is one of the most significant roles 
we can play in the global transition to net zero. 
We aim to provide and facilitate between 
$750bn and $1tn of sustainable finance and 
investment by 2030. In 2025, we provided and 
facilitated $102bn in sustainable finance and 
investment, bringing our cumulative total to 
$495.6bn since January 2020. This puts us on 
track to meet our target by 2030.
Leadership and Board Changes 
As I begin my first full year as Group 
Chairman, I want to acknowledge and pay 
tribute to Sir Mark Tucker’s remarkable 
leadership and exemplary commitment to the 
Group.
Over a period of eight years, Mark helped 
steer HSBC through a number of 
unprecedented challenges – a global 
pandemic, decades-high inflation and profound 
shifts in the trade and geopolitical landscape – 
leaving the Group more profitable, resilient, 
and strongly positioned for accelerated 
growth. I am very grateful to him for the 
trusted partnership, friendship, and his support 
in ensuring a smooth handover.  
We also announced the appointment of Wei 
Sun Christianson as an independent non-
executive Director, with effect from 1 January 
2026. Wei brings extensive banking and 
regulatory experience gained over a 30-year 
international career, including as Co-CEO of 
Asia Pacific at Morgan Stanley. 
Ann Godbehere will be stepping down as a 
Director of the Company and retire from the 
Board at our 2026 AGM. I want to thank Ann 
for her considerable contributions to the HSBC 
Board. 
In October, we announced the appointment of 
Angela McEntee as Group Company Secretary 
with effect from 1 January 2026. 
In 2025, the Board held meetings in Hong 
Kong, India, and London. These were 
invaluable opportunities to meet with valued 
clients, government representatives, 
regulators and colleagues.
We also had productive engagements with our 
shareholders on important Group-related 
issues at our Annual General Meeting in 
London and at the Informal Meeting of our 
Hong Kong Shareholders. 
Year Ahead 
We expect the global economy to expand in 
2026. Despite significant policy uncertainty, 
global trade is also set to grow, supported by 
the expansion of new trade corridors and the 
boom in AI hardware demand. Inflation should 
continue drifting downward, although with 
divergence across markets. Somewhat 
uneven growth across industries and 
geographies could contribute to periodic 
financial volatility.   
In China, a stronger policy push should anchor 
its growth, and we expect it to broadly 
maintain its expansion pace of recent years, as 
structural reforms start to gain traction. As part 
of its continued economic transformation, the 
emphasis will be on strengthening domestic 
demand – particularly consumption, but also 
investment. Services consumption will benefit 
from government policy priorities, as will 
technology development. Hong Kong will 
continue to benefit as the super-connector 
between mainland China and the rest of the 
world. Buoyant markets and improvements in 
consumption are expected to support its 
growth this year.  
Elsewhere in Asia, robust consumption and 
rising exports generated impressive growth in 
a number of markets, in ASEAN in particular. 
That combination is expected to continue in 
2026. In India, domestic demand will likely be 
the main driver of growth, reflecting robust 
consumption, as well as ongoing government 
infrastructure investment.     
Economic diversification continues in the 
Middle East, with deep capital reserves being 
deployed into significant investments in 
infrastructure, technology, and human capital. 
The Asia–Middle East trade, investment, and 
travel corridor continues to grow.    
Europe’s economy will be supported by fiscal 
expansion, particularly in Germany, coupled 
with lower effective interest rates and steady 
consumption growth. We see euro area 
growth maintaining its recent pace over the 
next year. In the UK, greater fiscal headroom 
should give markets and businesses more 
confidence. Lower expected inflation and 
interest rates should provide a tailwind for 
consumption growth. 
The US should be a key driver of global 
growth, reaping the benefits of sizeable 
investments in AI, tax cuts and incentives, as 
well as substantial deregulation.   
Our Colleagues 
I will end where I began, by recognising and 
wholeheartedly thanking our HSBC colleagues. 
They are the ones who deliver for our 
customers, day in and day out, with 
excellence, dedication, and respect.   
They are the backbone of the Group, 
embodying our high-performance culture. 
Their commitment to our customers and to 
maintaining and further strengthening the 
relationships we have built with them is what 
set us apart in 2025 and what will help us 
thrive going forward, to the benefit of our 
shareholders.     
Brendan Nelson
Group Chairman
25 February 2026
Strategic report ESG review Financial review Risk review Corporate 
Governance Report
Financial  
statements
Additional 
information
Group Chairman’s letter
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
6

--- Page 9 ---
Group CEO’s shareholder letter
RoTE ø
13.3%
(2024: 14.6%)
RoTE excluding notable items ø
17.2%
(2024: 15.6%)  
Profit before tax  
$29.9bn
(2024: $32.3bn)
Dear fellow shareholders,
In previous letters I set out a clear agenda to 
unlock HSBC’s full potential. 2025 marked a 
year of decisive action and swift execution. 
We are performing, transforming and investing 
for growth as demand for globally-connected 
financial services increases, especially in the 
world’s fastest-growing regions.  
We have aligned our structure with our 
strategy and strengthened our four 
complementary businesses. We are becoming 
a simple, more agile, focused bank built for a 
fast-changing world. One that stays true to our 
strong foundations and hallmark financial 
strength yet moves with the speed our 
customers need to navigate the modern 
world. 
The dynamic market environment shows why 
our global network, deep local expertise built 
over generations and financial strength set us 
apart. It also shows why our customers 
continue to turn to us as their reliable and 
trusted financial partner. 
New targets: 2026-2028
Last February, we set out a three-year target 
of a mid-teens return on average tangible 
equity (‘RoTE’) in each of the three years from 
2025 to 2027, excluding notable items. We 
made clear progress against this target in 
2025. That is why we are now raising our 
ambition and targeting 17% RoTE or better in 
each year from 2026 to 2028, excluding 
notable items. We are also targeting year-on-
year revenue growth over the same period 
rising to 5% in 2028 compared with 2027, 
excluding notable items. We maintain our 
dividend payout ratio target basis of 50% in 
2026, 2027 and 2028. Our target basis payout 
ratio is calculated as a percentage of EPS, 
excluding material notable items and related 
impacts.    
Strong performance  
On a reported basis, profit before tax of 
$29.9bn fell 7% year-on-year due to the impact 
of notable items. These included dilution and 
impairment losses of $2.1bn related to 
BoCom, legal provisions of $1.4bn and $1.0bn 
of restructuring and other related costs 
associated with our organisational 
simplification. On this basis, we delivered a 
RoTE of 13.3%.  
Excluding notable items, our RoTE was 17.2% 
achieving our ‘mid-teens, or better’ target. Our 
revenue increased 5% year-on-year to $71bn 
and our profit before tax grew 7% to $36.6bn, 
excluding notable items on a constant 
currency basis. Our common equity tier 1 
(‘CET1’) capital ratio was 14.9%, reflecting our 
long-standing financial strength. 
We maintained tight cost discipline, managing 
target basis cost growth to around 3%, 
thereby achieving our target. This strong 
performance enabled us to announce a total 
ordinary dividend per share for 2025 of $0.75, 
or $12.9bn, an increase of 14% on the prior 
year. In addition, we completed $6bn of share 
buy-backs taking total returns to $18.9bn. 
Momentum 
Our four businesses are built on customer 
trust and performed well. Revenue and 
deposits grew in each and all four delivered 
RoTE of mid-teens, or better, excluding 
notable items. We saw growth accelerate in 
areas of core strength and we are actively 
investing in modern technology to enhance 
innovation, productivity and customer 
experience. 
Turning to business-line performance on a 
year-on-year and constant currency basis, our 
market-leading Hong Kong business generated 
revenue of $15.9bn, or 6% growth. Our 
deposit base grew by 7% to more than 
$540bn, helping us maintain our number one 
position in Hong Kong with market share of 
25%. Our UK business delivered revenue of 
$12.9bn, an increase of 5%, supported by 
robust balance sheet growth with customer 
loans increasing by 6% to more than $300bn. 
CIB increased revenue by 3% to $27.6bn, and 
we generated $13.1bn of fee and other 
income, which was 7% higher than the prior 
year.  
Strategic report ESG review Financial review Risk review Corporate 
Governance Report
Financial  
statements
Additional 
information
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
7
Georges Elhedery
Group CEO

--- Page 10 ---
“We are becoming 
 a simple, more agile,
 focused bank built for 
 a fast changing world.”
In 2025, we facilitated around $900bn in trade, 
which is comparable to the economic output 
of a G20 economy. This represents the 
equivalent of around $2.5bn of goods and 
services moving through our global network 
every single day. This scale, which gives 
access to 86% of world trade flows, is why 
we were voted in a survey of 13,000 
corporates as Euromoney’s ‘World’s Best 
Trade Finance Bank’ for the ninth consecutive 
year. Across our network we processed 
around $500tn of payment transactions in 130 
currencies, equivalent to almost $1bn every 
minute. That is why 30,000 customers 
surveyed by Euromoney voted HSBC the 
number one payments bank in products, 
services and technology. 
In IWPB, revenue was $14.5bn, an increase of 
5%. Wealth fee and other income across all 
our businesses was $9.4bn, up 24%. At 31 
December 2025, bank-wide Wealth balances 
were $2.1tn, of which more than $1tn was 
booked in Asia, reflecting our position as the 
leading wealth manager in Asia and the Middle 
East. Given the importance of managing 
customer deposits as well as their invested 
assets, we are changing our wealth 
disclosures. In 2026, we will replace Invested 
assets (2025: $1.5tn) with a new calculation of 
Wealth balances. The new disclosure adds our 
wealth customers’ deposits of $608bn and 
removes $580bn of Asset Management third-
party distribution assets. On this new basis, 
Wealth balances in 2025 were $1.6tn.  
In 2025, we were pleased to update our Net 
Zero Transition Plan, which reaffirms our 
ambition to become a net zero bank by 2050 
and emphasises the importance of supporting 
our customers in their transitions. 
Discipline  
We expect to have taken action to deliver our 
$1.5bn organisational simplification saves by 
the first half of 2026, six months ahead of 
plan. The initiative is designed to make HSBC 
simple and more agile with an immaterial 
revenue impact. Cost efficiency is one of the 
key benefits, clearer accountability and greater 
collaboration are others. The saves will be 
taken straight to the bottom line.
We have reviewed our portfolio against our 
strategic priorities and are moving at pace to 
exit non-strategic or low-returning activities. 
This initiative is expected to release $1.5bn of 
incremental investment capacity, which we 
are actively reallocating to areas of competitive 
strength where we can generate accretive 
returns. In 2025, we announced 11 exits, of 
which three have fully completed. These are in 
addition to the two transactions we 
announced in 2024. 
Taken together, the completed and announced 
exits will generate $0.7bn in annualised cost 
savings and exits in active execution, including 
activities under strategic review, are expected 
to generate a further $0.6bn. 
Following the privatisation of Hang Seng Bank, 
reported cost synergies across HSBC and 
Hang Seng Bank will release $0.3bn, which 
we will direct towards growth opportunities in 
Hong Kong. To reflect this, we are increasing 
our medium-term cost reallocation 
commitment from $1.5bn to $1.8bn. 
Investing for growth
Our $13.7bn privatisation of Hang Seng Bank 
brings together 255 years of history and 
heritage, combining global reach and local 
depth. It allows us to scale capabilities across 
both banks for all customers. Hong Kong is a 
dynamic economy, a top three global financial 
centre and a thriving trade gateway. It is a 
super-connector between mainland China and 
the world. It is also poised to become the 
world’s leading cross-border wealth hub by 
2029. The privatisation of Hang Seng Bank 
reflects our confidence and conviction in Hong 
Kong’s future growth.
In our home markets, we are expanding the 
number of Wealth Centres and enhancing our 
wealth capabilities. In Hong Kong we opened 
five new state-of-the-art Wealth Centres. They 
provide a space where our Private Banking and 
Premier customers can meet our wealth 
specialists to plan, invest and manage their 
long-term financial future. In the UK, our 
flagship Wealth Centre launched in Mayfair, 
London, and we opened a second in Leeds, a 
major regional wealth hub. 
Also in the UK, investment in our Business 
Banking coverage model is generating results. 
We are growing customer numbers, lowering 
attrition rates and seeing greater advocacy. 
In IWPB we opened a further 20 new Wealth 
Centres focusing on Asia and the Middle East, 
excluding those in markets under strategic 
review. These are in many of the world’s 
fastest-growing wealth economies, such as 
mainland China, Singapore and the UAE. We 
became the world’s first global asset manager 
to establish an onshore platform in the UAE, 
offering retail and institutional investors access 
to 10 new funds. We refreshed our Premier 
proposition for affluent customers in four 
markets and it is now live in seven. 
In CIB, we are using digital innovation to serve 
customers faster. Our tokenised deposits now 
offer next-generation real time payments 
across our network. They are available in Hong 
Kong, Singapore, the UK and Luxembourg. 
Other markets will follow in 2026. With 
mobile-first consumers changing customer 
payment choices, we are changing digital 
wallet collection capabilities. Our Digital 
Merchant Services solution allows 
omnichannel payments, making e-commerce 
easier and more efficient for retailers. It is 
currently available in Hong Kong, India and 
Singapore, with six more markets launching in 
2026.    
We are also reengineering HSBC while 
focusing on resilience and risk management. 
We are modernising the bank through AI and 
automation to enhance customer experience, 
increase productivity and boost efficiency. We 
have more than 100 GenAI active use cases 
and are increasing AI partnerships to 
accelerate adoption of cutting-edge 
technologies. More than 31,000 of our 
engineers now use an AI-enabled coding 
assistant and our HSBC Productivity Suite tool 
is available to around 85% of our colleagues to 
help summarise, analyse and translate 
documents.   
High performance culture 
A clear strategy sets our direction. A strong 
culture is what turns it into results. This is why 
we are investing to build a high-performance 
culture. First, we refreshed our ambition: ‘To 
be the most trusted bank globally, putting 
customers at the heart of everything we do’. 
Second, we launched six new Leadership 
Principles and How We Lead, our new Group-
wide leadership framework. All our senior 
leaders, and the broader Managing Director 
cohort, have now attended a two-day How We 
Lead event and 86% surveyed believe it is 
creating a positive cultural change. In 2026, we 
will roll it out to our broader people leaders 
globally. In the spirit of our Leadership 
Principle that ‘great leaders build better 
leaders’, more than 150 of our senior leaders 
will facilitate a How We Lead event in 2026.   
Our people
I would like to thank Sir Mark Tucker for his 
exceptional leadership over the last eight years 
and congratulate Brendan Nelson on his 
appointment as Group Chairman. I look 
forward to continue working with Brendan as 
we pursue our clear agenda to unlock HSBC’s 
full potential. 
I would also like to take this opportunity to 
thank all my colleagues for their many valuable 
contributions to our results. It is a privilege to 
work with such talented people. Their 
dedication, commitment and passion to deliver 
for our customers truly differentiates HSBC 
and is key to delivering sustainable long-term 
growth for you, our shareholders. 
Georges Elhedery
Group CEO
25 February 2026
Strategic report ESG review Financial review Risk review Corporate 
Governance Report
Financial  
statements
Additional 
information
Group CEO's letter
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
8

--- Page 11 ---
Our strategy
In 2025, we continued to implement our strategy that supports our ambition to be the most 
trusted bank globally, putting customers at the heart of everything we do.
A growing, high-returning HSBC
Our strategic priorities remain clear: we aim to 
drive customer-centricity, deliver focused 
sustainable growth, and be simple and more 
agile.
We are intensely focused on our customers. 
The depth and quality of our customer 
relationships and our ability to connect 
customers globally help enable us to deliver 
best-in-class products and service excellence. 
Each of our four businesses is built on trust, as 
demonstrated by our $2.1tn Wealth balances 
and our $500tn annual payment volumes.
We are driving focused sustainable growth by 
targeting areas of competitive strengths. The 
privatisation of Hang Seng Bank is an example 
of this. The transaction allows us to further 
capture the growth opportunities in Hong Kong, 
one of our home markets where we are already 
the number one bank1. All four of our 
businesses are high-returning, delivering mid-
teens or better RoTE individually.
We aim to be a simple and agile organisation 
in accordance with the strategy we set out in 
2024. We simplified our organisation down to 
four connected businesses. We are also 
exiting non-strategic businesses at pace, 
freeing up investment to grow our core 
businesses where we have scale and 
competitive advantage.
1 Based on deposit market share. Source: Hong 
Kong Monetary Authority (‘HKMA’).
Strong performance in 2025
We delivered a strong set of results in 2025. 
Our reported revenue was $68.3bn. On a 
constant currency basis and excluding notable 
items, our revenue was $71.0bn, 5% higher 
compared with 2024.
Our reported profit before tax was $29.9bn. 
On a constant currency basis and excluding 
notable items, we grew our profit before tax 
by 7% to $36.6bn.
We continue to grow our deposit base. On a 
constant currency basis, customer deposits 
increased by $68bn during 2025 and reached 
$1.8tn as at 31 December 2025.
In 2025, we achieved a RoTE of 13.3%. 
Excluding the impact of notable items, RoTE 
was 17.2%, achieving our RoTE target of ‘mid-
teens or better’. We delivered a 15.6% RoTE 
excluding notable items in 2024.
Our strong performance in 2025 allowed us to 
announce ordinary dividends of $0.75 per 
share to our shareholders, compared with 
$0.66 in 2024.
RoTE excluding notable items ø
17.2%
(2024: 15.6%)
Reported profit before tax by business 
segment ($bn)
Reshaping and focusing the Group
We continued to make progress in reshaping 
the Group. We announced a further 11 exits in 
2025. These included our business in Malta, 
Sri Lanka retail banking, our UK life insurance 
business, our Germany custody and fund 
administration businesses, our stake in Grupo 
Financiero Galicia, our French retained 
portfolio of home and certain other loans, our 
Uruguay business, our Bangladesh retail 
banking business, equity capital markets 
(‘ECM’) and mergers and acquisitions (‘M&A’) 
in the US, UK and Europe, and our Bahrain 
retail banking unit.
The targeted strategic reviews of our retail 
businesses in Australia, Indonesia and Egypt 
remain underway, on which no decisions have 
been made. We remain committed to our 
wholesale banking activities in these markets. 
In addition, we commenced a strategic review 
of HSBC Life Singapore.
We completed the privatisation of Hang Seng 
Bank on 26 January 2026. This transaction will 
further simplify the Group and deepen our 
presence in one of our home markets where 
we are already the market leader.
We are committed to serving Hong Kong with 
two iconic brands. We intend to retain Hang 
Seng Bank as a separately-licensed bank with 
its own governance, brand, distinct customer 
proposition and branch network. We aim to 
strengthen both the HSBC and Hang Seng 
brands by focusing on their competitive 
advantages, while allowing customers to 
choose where to bank.Connectivity – our key strength
Connectivity distinguishes HSBC. We have 
four deeply-connected businesses that 
complement each other. CIB and IWPB are 
leading global franchises that serve the Group 
by providing a wide range of products and 
capabilities. Hong Kong and the UK are our 
home markets where we have substantial 
retail and wholesale distribution networks.
Our customers choose us because we are a 
trusted bank with extensive international 
connectivity. We connect customers across 
borders in our 56 markets. We are well placed 
to help our clients manage increased 
complexity as global trade reconfigures, and 
their wealth and investment needs globally.
We partner with our clients for the long term as 
their business and wealth grow over time. We 
are one of the few global universal banking 
franchises that offer our clients a full banking 
product suite and services for their diverse 
financial needs. We serve clients from small 
businesses to global institutions, from retail 
customers to ultra-high net worth individuals. 
As our customers grow, they grow with us.
Strategic report ESG review Financial review Risk review Corporate 
Governance Report
Financial  
statements
Additional 
information
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
9
HK
$9.6bn
UK
$6.7bn
CIB
$11.4bn
IWPB
$4.4bn

--- Page 12 ---
Our home markets
Hong Kong
Our Hong Kong business generated revenue 
of $15.9bn in 2025, growing by 6% on a 
constant currency basis. We have the market-
leading banking franchise in Hong Kong1. Our 
deposit base grew by 7% to over $540bn, 
maintaining our number one position in market 
share1 in Hong Kong at 25.4% 2. We also 
consistently lead peers in customer 
satisfaction, retaining the number one position 
in strategic net promoter scores (‘NPS’)3. In 
our Commercial Banking (‘CMB’) business, we 
focused on strengthening our market position 
across multiple products. In trade finance, we 
maintained our strong performance with a 
market share of 32.6% 2. We continued to 
solidify and grow our Retail Banking and 
Wealth (‘RBW’) business. We welcomed over 
1.1 million new-to-bank customers, bringing 
the total to over seven million4, and we 
opened five new Wealth Centres in 2025. 
These achievements reflect our ongoing 
commitment to growth, customer satisfaction 
and long-term value creation.
UK
Our UK business delivered revenue of $12.9bn 
in 2025, an increase of 5% on a constant 
currency basis, supported by robust balance 
sheet growth, with customer loans increasing 
by 6% to over $300bn. We continue to 
support key growth sectors in the UK 
economy, with our CMB business voted the 
‘Best Bank for Corporates’ in the UK by 
Euromoney for the second consecutive year. 
We see an opportunity to build share in the 
small and medium-sized enterprise (‘SME’) 
segment and have introduced fee-free banking 
for SME clients. In our RBW business, we aim 
to support customers to manage and grow 
their wealth. Following the relaunch of our 
Premier proposition, we rolled out ‘Funds on 
Mobile’ to make it easier for customers to buy, 
sell and trade funds via the HSBC app, in 
addition to opening two new Wealth Centres. 
We continued to build on our mortgage 
franchise, growing balances by $9bn on a 
constant currency basis, taking market share 
to 8.1% 5.
32.6%
Trade finance market share in Hong Kong2
8.1%
Mortgage market share in the UK5
1 HSBC internal analysis based on HSBC Group 
deposit balances in Hong Kong as of 30 June 
2025, and the financial data presented in the 
2Q25 interim financial reports of 12 selected peer 
banks.
2 Market share refers to HSBC Group balances in 
Hong Kong compared with the HKMA Hong 
Kong market data as of December 2025.
3    Strategic NPS ranking based on a survey by 
third-party vendors, InMoment and MDRi Asia 
Limited. Scores pertain to our Retail Banking and 
Wealth business only.
4    New-to-bank and total customer numbers 
exclude Hang Seng Bank customers.
5    Source: Bank of England. Retail mortgages only.
Our network business
Corporate and Institutional Banking
In CIB, revenue was $27.6bn, an increase of 
3% compared with 2024 on a constant 
currency basis. HSBC continued to be a 
leading global wholesale transaction bank. 
Bank-wide, we generated $10.9bn of 
wholesale transaction banking fees and other 
income in 2025, which was 4% higher 
compared with 2024. We also grew our 
deposits by $10bn in 2025, bringing the total 
to $600bn. We facilitated around $900bn in 
trade6, and were ranked number one in 21 
markets around the world7. In Global 
Payments Solutions (‘GPS’), HSBC was 
recognised as the number one Global Cash 
Management service provider in products, 
service and technology8. In Foreign Exchange, 
we were named the ‘World’s Best FX Bank for 
Corporates’9. In addition, we were recognised 
as ‘Asia’s Best Bank for Securities Services’ by 
Euromoney. We continued to invest in 
innovative technologies to help build a bank for 
the future. We launched a Tokenised Deposit 
Service in four markets, enabling continuous 
access to real-time settlement for corporate 
clients.
International Wealth and Premier 
Banking
In IWPB, revenue was $14.5bn, an increase of 
5% compared with 2024 on a constant 
currency basis. We continued to execute our 
bank-wide Wealth strategy in 2025. Our 
Premier 3.0 service is now live in seven 
markets and we opened 29 new Wealth 
Centres across the Group, including seven in 
our home markets. Bank-wide Wealth fee and 
other income was $9.4bn, up 24% on a 
constant currency basis, delivering on our 
ambition of ‘double-digit’ growth. At 31 
December 2025, wealth balances across all 
our businesses were $2.1tn, of which $1.2tn 
was booked in Asia, making us a leading 
wealth manager in the region. We attracted 
bank-wide net new invested assets of $80bn 
in 2025, with $39bn booked in Asia. In our 
insurance business, our insurance 
manufacturing contractual service margin 
(‘CSM’) grew by 21% to $14.6bn, which is a 
store of potential future revenue for us.
c.$900bn
Trade volumes facilitated6
$2.1tn
Wealth balances
increased by 16% compared with 2024
6 HSBC internal management information.
7    Source: Euromoney Trade Finance Survey in 
2025.
8 Source: Euromoney Cash Management Survey 
2025.
9 Source: Euromoney Foreign Exchange Awards 
2025.
Performance across geographies
We have an established presence in a number 
of markets globally. We are particularly 
focused on mainland China, India, Singapore 
and the UAE. These markets are especially 
well connected to international trade, wealth 
and investment flows and are key to our 
strategy.
In 2025, we reported profit before tax of 
$1.1bn in our mainland China business, 
including a loss of $2.1bn related to the 
dilution and impairment of our associate 
BoCom. We continued to support our 
customers expanding internationally, where 
we serve approximately half of Fortune Global 
500 companies. We were recognised as the 
‘Best International Bank’ by Euromoney in 
2025. We continued to perform strongly in 
Wealth, where Wealth invested assets grew 
by 37% compared with 2024, driven by strong 
wealth distribution and growth in Private 
Banking.
In Singapore, we generated profit before tax of 
$1.5bn, and we remain the largest foreign 
bank10. Singapore is our primary wholesale 
offshore booking centre and wealth hub within 
the ASEAN region. In 2025, we were 
recognised by Euromoney as the ‘Best Bank for 
Large Corporates’. Singapore, where we 
opened two new Wealth Centres, is our largest 
Wealth business outside our home markets and 
fast growing. Wealth fee and other income 
grew by 27% and our Wealth invested assets 
surpassed $100bn for the first time.
10 Based on 9M25 profit before tax, using peers’ 
published results.
Strategic report ESG review Financial review Risk review Corporate 
Governance Report
Financial  
statements
Additional 
information
Strategy
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
10

--- Page 13 ---
Performance across geographies (continued)
In India, we reported a profit before tax of 
$1.9bn and continued to be the largest foreign 
bank1. We are the leading bank for multinational 
companies, of which around 50% bank with us2. 
We launched HSBC Innovation Bank with a 
$1bn financing pool and launched new digital 
propositions in Payments and Trade. Our ECM 
issuance grew more than 60% in 2025. We 
expanded to four new cities with wealth and 
international potential, remained the top wealth 
manager across foreign banks3 and were the 
first bank to launch international wealth 
solutions in GIFT City4.
In the UAE, we generated $0.8bn in profit 
before tax, and are the largest foreign bank5 . 
We continued to further strengthen our 
leadership in Corporate and Institutional 
Banking. We were named ‘Best Investment 
Bank’ in the Middle East6, including being top 
ranked in debt capital markets in the region for 
the fifth consecutive year7. Our UAE wealth 
business saw strong growth, with invested 
assets up 33% and international new-to-bank 
customers up 12%. In 2025, we launched 
Premier 3.0, opened a new Wealth Centre, and 
introduced 10 new asset management funds.
1    HSBC internal analysis based on 1H25 revenue, 
deposits and advances, using peers’ published 
results.
2    Source: Ministry of Commerce of India.
3    By Wealth AUM. Source: Indian Mutual Fund 
Industry.
4    Gujarat International Finance Tec-City.
5    HSBC internal analysis based on 9M25 revenue, 
deposits and advances, using peers’ published 
results.
6    Euromoney Awards for Excellence 2025.
7    Source: Bloomberg league table.
Deposit strength core to our strategy
The strength of our franchise is built on the 
solid foundation of our $1.8tn deposit base, 
which is comprised primarily of current and 
savings accounts. We are proud of our 
deposit strength, which is a product of the 
trust of our customers and an important 
source of funding for us, and forms the 
foundation of our financial stability.
We have customer loans of $1.0tn, excluding 
held for sale assets, representing 55% of 
customer deposits. We operate with a 
surplus of customer deposits relative to 
loans in each of our four franchises and in 
our major operating entities, including The 
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation 
Limited, HSBC UK and HSBC Bank plc.
$1.8tn
Customer deposit balances
(2024: $1.7tn)
Improving operational excellence through artificial intelligence
In 2025, we accelerated the adoption of 
Generative AI (‘GenAI’) across HSBC, moving 
from experimentation to scaled delivery. 
Today, we have over 100 GenAI solutions in 
use and a strong pipeline of use cases in 
development. Our adoption of AI is 
underpinned by our people, and we continue 
to invest in training and tooling to support 
staff in their roles. Around the globe, around 
85% of our colleagues have access to our 
large language model-based productivity
tool, HSBC Productivity Suite, which helps 
them to analyse and translate documents, 
summarise information and generate insights.
While the progress this year has been 
significant, the opportunity ahead is far 
greater. Our strategic partnership with Mistral 
strengthens our commitment to scale GenAI 
capabilities and we will continue to prioritise 
areas that matter most to our customers and 
colleagues, and drive performance. Through 
2026, we intend to expand enterprise-wide 
adoption of AI tools and strive to embed AI 
deeper into our core processes.
>100
GenAI solutions in use
Our ambitions
Revenue growth rising to 5% YoY
We are focused on growth opportunities 
within our strategy that play to our strengths, 
while maintaining tight cost discipline and 
continuing to invest in growth and efficiency. 
We are targeting revenue growth rising to 5% 
year-on-year by 2028 on a constant currency 
basis excluding notable items. We see growth 
opportunities in each of our four businesses. In 
Hong Kong, we intend to consolidate market 
leadership with the privatisation of Hang Seng 
Bank. In the UK, we see the opportunity to 
continue building our mortgage franchise and 
build share in SME banking. In IWPB, we 
intend to particularly focus on building our 
successful wealth business, especially in Asia 
and the Middle East. In CIB, the opportunities 
include further expanding our international 
network business and transaction banking. 
Having simplified our approach to now include 
a revenue growth target, we no longer provide 
separate guidance on Wealth fee and other 
income growth.
RoTE of 17% or better
Underpinned by the momentum in our earnings 
and the positive progress we are making in our 
strategic execution, we are targeting a RoTE 
excluding notable items of 17% or better for 
each of 2026, 2027 and 2028.
Capital generation
Our business model is designed to be highly 
capital generative. In 2025, our CET1 capital 
ratio was 14.9%, remaining stable compared 
with 31 December 2024. During the calendar 
year, we paid $5.2bn ordinary dividends with 
respect to 2025, and we expect to pay a 
further $7.7bn through the fourth interim 
dividend with respect to 2025. We aim to 
maintain a CET1 capital ratio in the range of 
14-14.5% over the medium term 8. Capital may 
fall below our target range during the first half 
of 2026 owing to the privatisation of Hang 
Seng Bank. We plan to address this through 
organic capital generation and pausing share 
buy-backs until CET1 capital is back within or 
above this range. A decision to recommence 
buy-backs will be subject to our normal buy-
back considerations and process on a quarterly 
basis.
Our primary use of capital generation is to pay 
an ordinary dividend of 50% of profit 
attributable to ordinary shareholders, excluding 
material notable items and related impacts (our 
dividend payout ratio target basis9). Our 
preferred use of capital after paying the 
dividend is to support the growth of our four 
businesses.
Our targets for 2026-2028
Rising to 5%
Revenue growth YoY by 2028, on a constant 
currency basis excluding notable items9
17% or better
RoTE excluding notable items target for 2026, 
2027 and 20289
50%
Dividend payout ratio target basis, 2026-20289
8 Medium term is defined as 3-5 years from 1 
January 2026. 
9    We do not reconcile our forward guidance on 
revenue on a constant currency basis excluding 
notable items, RoTE excluding the impact of 
notable items or dividend payout ratio target 
basis to their equivalent reported measures.
Strategic report ESG review Financial review Risk review Corporate 
Governance Report
Financial  
statements
Additional 
information
Strategy
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
11

--- Page 14 ---
Financial overview
Performance compared with our 2025 Group financial targets
Return on average tangible equity 
excluding notable items ø
17.2%
(2024: 15.6%) 
In 2025, RoTE was 13.3%, a decrease of 1.3 
percentage points from 2024.
For the purposes of measuring performance 
against our Group target, we adjust RoTE to 
exclude notable items. 
RoTE excluding notable items was 17.2%, an 
increase of 1.6 percentage points compared 
with 2024 and above our mid-teens target for 
2025.
To better align with market practice, from our 
2025 full-year results we no longer adjust the 
‘average tangible equity‘ for the post-tax 
impact of notable items in each period. We 
have re-presented comparatives on the 
revised basis. This revision improved RoTE 
excluding notable items by 16bps in 2025. In 
2024, this revision had a 34bps adverse 
impact. 
Ñ See pages 66 and 93 for further detail on RoTE 
excluding notable items.
Ñ See page 66 for further details on notable items.
Target basis operating expenses ø
$33.5bn
(2024: $32.5bn)
In 2025, operating expenses of $36.4bn 
increased by $3.4bn or 10%, on a reported 
basis.
Target basis operating expenses grew by 3% 
compared with 2024 in line with our target of 
approximately 3%. This primarily 
reflected higher planned spend in technology, 
higher performance-related pay and the impact 
of inflation.
Our target basis operating expenses exclude 
the direct cost impact of the business 
disposals in Canada and Argentina, notable 
items and the impact of retranslating the prior 
year results of hyperinflationary economies at 
constant currency.
Our target basis operating expenses included 
the impact of simplification-related savings 
associated with our reorganisation, which 
generated $0.6bn of cost reductions in 2025. 
We are on track to have taken actions to 
deliver our $1.5bn annualised cost reduction 
by the end of June 2026, which is six months 
earlier than planned.
Ñ See page 95 for a reconciliation of target basis 
operating expenses to reported operating expenses.
Capital and dividend policy
CET1 ratio   
14.9%
(2024: 14.9%)
Dividend payout ratio in respect of 2025
50%
on a dividend payout ratio target basis ø
At 31 December 2025, our CET1 capital ratio 
was 14.9%, which was higher than our 
medium-term target range of 14% to 14.5%. 
We intend to continue to manage the CET1 
ratio within this range.
The total dividend per share announced in 
respect of 2025 was $0.75. On a dividend 
payout ratio target basis this resulted in a 
payout ratio of 50% of earnings per share. For 
the purposes of computing our target basis 
dividend payout ratio, we exclude from 
earnings per share material notable items and 
related impacts.
Ñ See page 96 for a reconciliation of basic earnings 
per share excluding material notable items and 
related impacts to basic earnings per share. 
Basis of presentation
Constant currency performance
Constant currency performance is computed 
by adjusting reported results of comparative 
periods for the effects of foreign currency 
translation differences, which distort period-
on-period comparisons. Constant currency 
performance provides useful information for 
investors by aligning internal and external 
reporting, reflecting how management 
assesses period-on-period performance.
Notable items and material notable items
We separately disclose ‘notable items‘, which 
are components of our income statement that 
management considers as outside the normal 
course of business and generally non-recurring 
in nature. Certain notable items are classified 
as ‘material notable items’, a subset of notable 
items. Categorisation as a material notable 
item is dependent on the nature of each item 
in conjunction with the financial impact on the 
Group’s income statement, and are excluded 
from our target basis dividend payout ratio 
calculation and earnings per share measure.
Material notable items in 2025 or relevant 
comparative periods relate to the following:
– Income statement impacts associated with 
actions to exit or wind down certain 
businesses to redeploy costs from non-
strategic activities (reported under 
‘Disposals, wind-downs, acquisitions and 
related costs’ in notable items).
– Dilution and impairment losses on our 
investment in BoCom.
– A legal provision following developments in 
a claim in Luxembourg relating to the 
Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities 
LLC fraud.
Impact of strategic transactions
To aid the understanding of our results, we 
separately disclose the impact of strategic 
transactions classified as material notable 
items on the results of the Group and our 
business segments. The distorting impact of 
the operating income statement results related 
to acquisitions and disposals that affect period-
on-period comparisons primarily related to our 
disposals in Canada and Argentina.  
Management view of revenue on a 
constant currency basis
We provide breakdowns of revenue for each 
of our business segments on a constant 
currency basis by major product. These reflect 
the basis on which revenue performance of 
the businesses is assessed and managed. In 
the management view of revenue, notable 
items are presented separately. We group 
certain products in a consistent manner across 
our business segments. Wholesale transaction 
banking comprises our Global Foreign 
Exchange, Global Payments Solutions (‘GPS’), 
Global Trade Solutions (‘GTS’) and Securities 
Services businesses. Wealth comprises our 
Investment Distribution, Insurance, Private 
Bank and Asset Management businesses.
On page 15, we provide a summarised 
management view of revenue for the Group‘s 
results to supplement the Group‘s reported 
revenue performance using the product 
grouping used to manage and assess our 
segmental performance. 
Ñ See page 80 for further details on the impact of 
strategic transactions.
Ñ See page 66 for further details on basis of 
preparation and use of alternative performance 
measures.
Ñ See pages 76 to 78 and pages 85 to 90 for details 
of notable items in our business segments and 
legal entities.
Strategic report ESG review Financial review Risk review Corporate 
Governance Report
Financial  
statements
Additional 
information
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
12

--- Page 15 ---
Key financial metrics
For the year ended 31 Dec
Reported results 2025 2024 2023
Profit before tax ($m)  29,907  32,309  30,348 
Profit after tax ($m)  23,131  24,999  24,559 
Net operating income before change in expected credit losses and other credit
impairment charges (‘revenue’) ($m)  68,274  65,854  66,058 
Cost efficiency ratio (%)  53.4  50.2  48.5 
Net interest margin (%)  1.59  1.56  1.66 
Basic earnings per share ($)  1.21  1.25  1.15 
Diluted earnings per share ($)  1.20  1.24  1.14 
Dividend per ordinary share (in respect of the period) ($)1  0.75  0.87  0.61 
Dividend payout ratio (%)2  50  50  50 
Alternative performance measures ø
Constant currency profit before tax ($m)  29,907  32,384  29,802 
Constant currency revenue ($m)  68,274  66,009  65,040 
Constant currency banking net interest income ($m) 44,084  43,550  42,515 
Constant currency cost efficiency ratio (%)  53.4  50.2  48.7 
Constant currency profit before tax excluding notable items ($m)  36,617  34,181  32,841 
Constant currency revenue excluding notable items ($m)  71,020  67,591 64,835
Constant currency profit before tax excluding notable items and strategic transactions ($m)  36,617  33,768 N/A
Constant currency revenue excluding notable items and strategic transactions ($m)  71,020  66,377 N/A
Expected credit losses and other credit impairment charges (annualised) as a % of
average gross loans and advances to customers, including held for sale (%)  0.39  0.34  0.31 
Basic earnings per share excluding material notable items and related impacts ($) 1.51  1.31 1.22
Return on average ordinary shareholders’ equity (annualised) (%)  12.3  13.6  13.6 
Return on average tangible equity (annualised) (%)  13.3  14.6  14.6 
Return on average tangible equity excluding notable items (annualised) (%) 17.2 15.6  16.0 
Target basis operating expenses ($m)  33,464  32,478 N/A
At 31 Dec
Balance sheet 2025 2024 2023
Total assets ($m)  3,233,034  3,017,048  3,038,677 
Net loans and advances to customers ($m)  988,399  930,658  938,535 
Constant currency net loans and advances to customers ($m)  988,399  970,778  955,706 
Customer accounts ($m)  1,786,828  1,654,955  1,611,647 
Constant currency customer accounts ($m)  1,786,828  1,719,240  1,641,000 
Average interest-earning assets, year to date ($m)  2,190,078  2,099,285  2,161,746 
Loans and advances to customers as % of customer accounts (%)  55.3  56.2  58.2 
Total shareholders’ equity ($m)  198,225  184,973  185,329 
Tangible ordinary shareholders’ equity ($m)  165,153  154,295  155,710 
Net asset value per ordinary share at period end ($)  10.36 9.26  8.82 
Tangible net asset value per ordinary share at period end ($)  9.64  8.61  8.19 
Capital, leverage and liquidity
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio (%)3,4  14.9  14.9  14.8 
Risk-weighted assets ($m)3,4  888,647  838,254  854,114 
Total capital ratio (%)3,4  20.5  20.6  20.0 
Leverage ratio (%)3,4  5.3  5.6  5.6 
High-quality liquid assets (liquidity value) ($m)4,5  702,123  649,210  647,505 
Liquidity coverage ratio (%)4,5  137  138  136 
Net stable funding ratio (%)4,5  143  143  138 
Share count
Period end basic number of $0.50 ordinary shares outstanding, after deducting own shares held (millions)  17,140  17,918  19,006 
Period end basic number of $0.50 ordinary shares outstanding and dilutive potential ordinary shares, after 
deducting own shares held (millions)  17,276  18,062  19,135 
Average basic number of $0.50 ordinary shares outstanding, after deducting own shares held (millions)  17,427  18,357  19,478 
Ñ For reconciliation and analysis of our reported results on a constant currency basis, including lists of notable items, see page 76. Definitions and calculations of 
other alternative performance measures are included in ‘Reconciliation of alternative performance measures’ on page 92.
1 In 2024, dividend per share includes the special dividend of $0.21 per ordinary share arising from the proceeds of the sale of our banking business in Canada to 
Royal Bank of Canada. 
2 Our dividend payout ratio is adjusted for material notable items and related impacts, including all associated income statement impacts relating to those items.  
3 Regulatory capital ratios and requirements are based on the transitional arrangements of the Capital Requirements Regulation in force at the time. Effective 1 
January 2025, the IFRS 9 transitional arrangements came to an end, followed by the end of the CRR II grandfathering provisions on 28 June 2025.
4 Regulatory numbers and ratios are as presented at the date of reporting. Small changes may exist between these numbers and ratios and those submitted in 
regulatory filings. Where differences are significant, we may restate in subsequent periods.
5 The liquidity coverage ratio is based on the average value of the preceding 12 months. The net stable funding ratio is based on the average value of four preceding 
quarters.
Strategic report ESG review Financial review Risk review Corporate 
Governance Report
Financial  
statements
Additional 
information
Financial overview
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
13

--- Page 16 ---
Income statement results
2025 compared with 2024 
Movement in reported profit before tax compared with 2024
2025 2024 2023 2025 vs 2024
of which strategic 
transactions1
Reported results $m $m $m $m % $m
Revenue  68,274  65,854  66,058  2,420  4  (1,936) 
–  of which: net interest income  34,794  32,733  35,796  2,061  6  (1,628) 
ECL  (3,850)  (3,414)  (3,447)  (436)  (13)  87 
Net operating income  64,424  62,440  62,611  1,984  3  (1,849) 
Total operating expenses  (36,428)  (33,043)  (32,070)  (3,385)  (10)  606 
Operating profit  27,996  29,397  30,541  (1,401)  (5)  (1,243) 
Share of profit in associates and joint ventures less 
impairment  1,911  2,912  (193)  (1,001)  (34) 
Profit before tax  29,907  32,309  30,348  (2,402)  (7)  (1,243) 
Tax expense  (6,776)  (7,310)  (5,789)  534  7 
Profit after tax  23,131  24,999  24,559  (1,868)  (7) 
Revenue excluding notable items ø  71,020  67,434  65,723  3,586  5 
Profit before tax excluding notable items ø  36,617  34,122  33,198  2,495  7 
1 For details, see ‘Strategic transactions supplementary analysis‘ on page 80. 
Reported profit
Reported profit before tax of $29.9bn was 
$2.4bn or 7% lower, mainly due to a $4.9bn 
year-on-year net adverse impact from notable 
items. 
In 2025, notable item impacts included 
recognition of dilution and impairment losses 
of $2.1bn related to BoCom, reserve recycling 
losses of $1.5bn following the completion of 
the sale of our French retained portfolio of 
home and certain other loans, legal provisions 
of $1.4bn and restructuring and other related 
costs associated with our organisational 
simplification of $1.0bn. In 2024, these 
included a gain of $4.8bn on the disposal of 
our banking business in Canada and the 
impacts of the disposal of our business in 
Argentina, comprising a $1.0bn loss on 
disposal, and the recycling of foreign currency 
reserve losses and other reserves of $5.2bn. 
They also included a $0.2bn loss on the early 
redemption of legacy securities.
On a constant currency basis, profit before tax 
of $29.9bn was $2.5bn lower than in 2024, 
while excluding notable items it increased by 
$2.4bn or 7%.
Reported revenue
Reported revenue of $68.3bn was $2.4bn or 
4% higher, reflecting strong fee and other 
income growth. This was partly offset by a net 
adverse movement in notable items of 
$1.2bn, primarily relating to business 
disposals, as well as a dilution loss of $1.1bn 
following the completion of BoCom’s capital 
issuance in June 2025, which reduced our 
interest from 19.03% to 16.00%.
Revenue excluding notable items increased by 
$3.6bn, primarily reflecting higher fee and 
other income in Wealth and Wholesale 
Transaction Banking, as well as from the non-
recurrence of adverse hyperinflationary 
impacts in Argentina.
In Wealth, there was a strong performance in 
Insurance, due to a higher CSM release, 
reflecting strong new business growth and 
favourable net investment returns and 
experience variances, and growth in our 
Private Bank and investment distribution from 
higher customer activity. In Wholesale 
Transaction Banking, fee and other income 
growth reflected a strong performance in 
2025, particularly in Global Foreign Exchange 
amid elevated market volatility.
Net interest income
NII increased by $2.1bn reflecting the benefit 
of the reinvestment of our structural hedge at 
higher yields, deposit balance growth and 
higher NII in Markets Treasury. In addition, the 
increase reflected the non-recurrence of a 
$0.2bn loss in 2024 on the early redemption of 
legacy securities. This was partly offset by the 
adverse impact of $1.6bn from business 
disposals in Argentina and Canada, and margin 
compression on our deposits from lower 
interest rates. The growth in NII also reflected 
a benefit from lower funding costs associated 
with the trading book of $1.7bn. Banking NII, 
which excludes these funding costs, increased 
by $0.3bn.
On a constant currency basis, revenue 
increased by $2.3bn or 3% and banking NII 
rose by $0.5bn.
Notable items – on a reported basis 2025 2024 2023
$m $m $m
Revenue
Disposals, wind-downs, acquisitions and related costs1  (1,642)  (1,343)  1,298 
Dilution loss of interest in BoCom associate  (1,104)  —  — 
Fair value movements on financial instruments  —  —  14 
Disposal losses on Markets Treasury repositioning  —  —  (977) 
Early redemption of legacy securities  —  (237)  — 
Currency translation on revenue notable items  —  (2)  (130) 
Operating expenses
Disposals, wind-downs, acquisitions and related costs  (502)  (199)  (321) 
Restructuring and other related costs  (1,030)  (34)  136 
Legal provisions  (1,432)  —  — 
Currency translation on operating expenses notable items  —  18  — 
Share of profit in associates and joint ventures less impairment
Impairment losses of interest in BoCom associate  (1,000)  —  (3,000) 
Currency translation on associate notable items  —  —  (59) 
1 2024 includes losses of $0.2bn related to the sale of our business in Russia, which are not categorised as a material notable item.
Strategic report ESG review Financial review Risk review Corporate 
Governance Report
Financial  
statements
Additional 
information
Financial overview
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
14

--- Page 17 ---
Reported ECL
Reported ECL charges of $3.9bn were $0.4bn 
or 13%  higher than 2024, including charges in 
both periods related to the CRE sectors in 
Hong Kong and mainland China. In 2025, the 
charge in this sector in Hong Kong of $0.7bn 
(2024: $0.1bn) reflected higher allowances for 
new defaulted exposures, the impact of an 
over-supply of non-residential properties that 
has put continued downward pressure on 
rental and capital values, and updates to our 
models used for ECL calculations. The 2025 
charge in the mainland China CRE sector was 
$0.2bn (2024: $0.4bn).
Ñ For further details of the calculation of ECL, see 
pages 124 to 126.
Reported operating expenses
Reported operating expenses of $36.4bn were 
$3.4bn or 10%  higher. The increase primarily 
reflected notable items in 2025, including legal 
provisions of $1.4bn, restructuring and other 
related costs in 2025 of $1.0bn and $0.5bn 
related to disposals, wind-downs, acquisitions 
and related costs. 
The remaining growth in reported operating 
expenses included higher planned spend and 
investment in technology, higher performance-
related pay and the impacts of inflation. These 
increases were partly offset by reductions 
following the completion of business disposals 
in Canada and Argentina, and the benefits 
delivered by our restructuring activities.
Target basis operating expenses were 
$33.5bn or 3%  higher than in 2024 due to 
higher planned spend and investment in 
technology and the impact of inflation.
Reported share of profit in associates and 
joint ventures less impairment of $1.9bn 
was $1.0bn or 34%  lower, primarily due to an 
impairment loss of $1.0bn recognised on 
BoCom following our value-in-use assessment 
made in 2025.
Ñ For further details on our value-in-use 
assessment, see Note 18: Interests in associates 
and joint ventures on page 319.
Tax expense 
In 2025 tax expense was a charge of $6.8bn, 
representing an effective tax rate of 22.7%  
(2024: 22.6% ). Excluding the non-deductible 
impairment and dilution loss in BoCom and 
legal provisions on which no tax benefit is 
recorded, the effective rate for 2025 was 
20.6% (2024: 21.5%, excluding the impact of 
the non-taxable gains and losses on the sale of 
our banking business in Canada and our 
business in Argentina).
Ñ For further details on tax expense, see page 71.
Supplementary management view of revenue ø
2025 2024 2023 2025 vs 2024
of which strategic 
transactions1
$m $m $m $m % $m
Banking NII2  44,084  43,975  44,095  109  0  (1,603) 
Fee and other income  26,936  23,459  21,628  3,477  15  128 
–  Wealth  9,390  7,559  6,339  1,831  24  (164) 
–  Wholesale Transaction Banking  10,860  10,433  10,654  427  4  (171) 
–  Other  6,686  5,467  4,635  1,219  22  463 
Revenue excluding notable items  71,020  67,434  65,723  3,586  5  (1,475) 
Notable items  (2,746)  (1,580)  335  (1,166)  (74)  (461) 
Revenue  68,274  65,854  66,058  2,420  4  (1,936) 
1 For details , see ‘Strategic transactions supplementary analysis‘ on page 80.
2 For a reconciliation of banking NII to reported NII, see page 70. In the supplementary management view of revenue, banking NII in 2024 excludes notable items 
of $0.2bn, which are separately presented in ‘notable items’. There were no notable items in banking NII in 2025 or 2023.
Movement in reported profit before tax compared with 2024 – constant currency basis
2025 2024 2023 2025 vs 2024
of which strategic 
transactions1
Results – on a constant currency basis ø $m $m $m $m % $m
Revenue  68,274  66,009  65,040  2,265  3  (1,681) 
ECL  (3,850)  (3,392)  (3,250)  (458)  (14)  72 
Total operating expenses  (36,428)  (33,146)  (31,691)  (3,282)  (10)  417 
Operating profit  27,996  29,471  30,099  (1,475)  (5)  (1,192) 
Share of profit in associates and joint ventures less impairment  1,911  2,913  (297)  (1,002)  (34)  — 
Profit before tax  29,907  32,384  29,802  (2,477)  (8)  (1,192) 
Revenue excluding notable items  71,020  67,591  64,835  3,429  5 
Profit before tax excluding notable items  36,617  34,181  32,841  2,436  7 
1   For details, see ‘Strategic transactions supplementary analysis‘ on page 80.
Balance sheet and capital
Balance sheet strength
Total assets of $3.2tn were $216bn higher than 
at 31 December 2024 on a reported basis, and 
$93bn higher on a constant currency basis. The 
increase was driven by growth in financial 
investments balances, higher trading assets 
and reverse repurchase agreements and higher 
other asset balances. This was partly offset by 
lower cash and balances at central banks due 
to redeployment opportunities and a decrease 
in derivative assets. Loans and advances to 
customers also increased, and as a percentage 
of customer accounts they were 55.3% , 
compared with 56.2%  at 31 December 2024 
(excluding balances classified as held for sale). 
Given customer loan growth has been muted in 
recent years, we will no longer provide 
guidance on medium- to long-term customer 
lending growth.  
Ñ For detailed balance sheet commentary, see 
page 73.
Distributable reserves
The distributable reserves of HSBC Holdings 
at 31 December 2025 were $46.2bn, a 
$17.9bn increase since 31 December 2024, 
primarily driven by $22.1bn in profits and other 
reserve movements generated in 2025, 
cancellation of $16.6bn standing to the credit 
of its share premium and capital redemption 
reserves pursuant to the Court approval 
obtained by HSBC Holdings on 24 June 2025, 
offset by $20.8bn of dividends on ordinary 
shares, additional tier 1 coupon and share buy-
back payments.
Capital and liquidity position
Our CET1 ratio at 31 December 2025 
remained at 14.9% , unchanged from 
31 December 2024. The average high-quality 
liquid assets (‘HQLA’) we held was $702.1bn 
(31 December 2024: $649.2bn). This excludes 
HQLA in legal entities that are not transferable 
due to local restrictions.
Ñ For further details, see ‘Capital overview‘ on 
page 158.
Strategic report ESG review Financial review Risk review Corporate 
Governance Report
Financial  
statements
Additional 
information
Financial overview
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
15

--- Page 18 ---
Business segments
Hong Kong Our Hong Kong business has a leading market position in our home 
market of Hong Kong. It comprises Retail Banking and Wealth and 
Commercial Banking of HSBC Hong Kong and Hang Seng Bank.
Contribution to Group profit 
before tax ø
Calculation is based on profit before tax of our 
business segments excluding Corporate Centre.
Divisional highlights 
40% 7%
Growth in Wealth fee and other 
income compared with 2024, 
on a constant currency basis. ø
Growth in deposits compared with 
2024, on a constant currency basis. ø
Results – on a constant currency basis ø
2025 2024 2023 2025 vs 2024
of which strategic 
transactions2
$m $m $m $m % $m
Revenue  15,878  15,047  14,532  831  6  — 
ECL  (1,476)  (1,077)  (1,494)  (399)  (37)  — 
Operating expenses  (4,826)  (4,841)  (4,514)  15  —  — 
Share of profit/(loss) from associates and joint ventures  —  —  —  —  —  — 
Profit before tax  9,576  9,129  8,524  447  5  — 
RoTE1 (%) 35.5 37.5 34.7
RoTE excluding notable items1 (%) 35.5 37.5 36.4
–  Retail Banking and Wealth  2,658  1,941  1,678  717  37  — 
–  Retail Banking  326  312  287  14  4  — 
–  Wealth  2,206  1,577  1,203  629  40  — 
–  Other5  126  52  188  74 >100
–  Commercial Banking  1,138  1,109  1,120  29  3  — 
–  Wholesale Transaction Banking  730  709  692  21  3  — 
–  Credit and Lending  78  83  76  (5)  (6)  — 
–  Other5  330  317  352  13  4  — 
Revenue excluding notable items  15,878  15,047  14,906  831  6  — 
Notable items  —  —  (374)  — n/a  — 
Revenue  15,878  15,047  14,532  831  6  — 
1    For details of our RoTE calculation by business segment, see page 94.
2    Impact of strategic transactions classified as material notable items. For further details, see ‘Strategic transactions supplementary analysis‘ on page 80.
3    For a description of how we derive banking NII, see page 66. In the Hong Kong business, there are no adjustments to NII to derive banking NII. 
4    For supplementary analysis of fee and other income, see page 79.
5    Includes revenue from Markets Treasury. It also includes other non-product-specific income and notional tax credits.
Management view of revenue – on a constant currency basis ø
2025 2024 2023 2025 vs 2024
of which strategic 
transactions2
$m $m $m $m %  $m
Banking NII3  12,082  11,997  12,108  85  1  — 
Fee and other income4  3,796  3,050  2,798  746  24  — 
Strategic report ESG review Financial review Risk review Corporate 
Governance Report
Financial  
statements
Additional 
information
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
16
$9.6bn

--- Page 19 ---
Notable items
2025 2024 2023
$m $m $m
Revenue
Disposal losses on Markets Treasury repositioning  —  —  (373) 
Currency translation on revenue notable items  —  —  (1) 
Operating expenses
Restructuring and other related costs  (16)  —  — 
Currency translation on operating expenses notable items  —  —  — 
Sky-high banking: a 
towering triumph
We opened a new Wealth Centre in Hong 
Kong on the 99th floor of the International 
Commerce Centre (ICC). The ICC serves 
our high-net-worth clients in a luxurious 
and private environment and is our fifth 
Wealth Centre in the city and the largest in 
the Group globally. It houses around 100 
wealth management experts trained to 
guide our clients through their wealth 
decisions via face-to-face meetings and 
the use of digital tools. Strategically 
located next to the West Kowloon Station 
and Airport Express – vital conduits for 
mainland China and international 
customers – the new centre helps enable 
us to meet the diverse banking needs of 
customers, especially in the Greater Bay 
Area.
Financial performance  
Profit before tax of $9.6bn increased by $0.4bn 
or 5% compared with 2024, on a constant 
currency basis. 
Revenue of $15.9bn was $0.8bn or 6% higher, 
on a constant currency basis.
Banking NII of $12.1bn was broadly stable 
compared with 2024, as the benefit of growth 
in deposit balances was largely offset by 
margin compression on deposits in a lower 
interest rate environment, together with lower 
lending balances.
Fee and other income of $3.8bn grew by 
$0.7bn or 24%, primarily reflecting an increase 
of $0.6bn or 40% in Wealth from a strong 
performance in investment distribution due to 
higher customer activity.
ECL of $1.5bn increased by $0.4bn compared 
with 2024, on a constant currency basis, 
including charges in both periods related to the 
Hong Kong CRE sector. In 2025, the increased 
charge in this sector reflected higher 
allowances for new defaulted exposures, the 
impact of an over-supply of non-residential 
properties that has put continued downward 
pressure on rental and capital values, and 
updates to our models used for ECL 
calculations.
Operating expenses of $4.8bn were stable, on 
a constant currency basis. This reflected lower 
operations costs, which were broadly offset by 
increases from planned higher spend on 
technology, including the development of our 
Wealth proposition, and the impact of inflation.
Strategic report ESG review Financial review Risk review Corporate 
Governance Report
Financial  
statements
Additional 
information
Business segments
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
17

--- Page 20 ---
UK Our UK business has a leading market position in our home market of the 
UK. It comprises UK Retail Banking and Wealth (including first direct and 
M&S Bank) and UK Commercial Banking, including HSBC Innovation Bank.
Contribution to Group profit 
before tax ø
Calculation is based on profit before tax of our 
business segments excluding Corporate Centre.
Divisional highlights 
6% 7%
Growth in loans and advances to customers 
compared with 2024, on a constant 
currency basis. ø
Growth in banking NII compared with 2024, 
on a constant currency basis.3 ø
Results – on a constant currency basis ø
2025 2024 2023 2025 vs 2024
of which strategic 
transactions2
$m $m $m $m % $m
Revenue  12,938  12,342  13,439  596  5  — 
ECL  (696)  (415)  (545)  (281)  (68)  — 
Operating expenses  (5,537)  (5,104)  (4,829)  (433)  (8)  (7) 
Share of profit/(loss) from associates and joint ventures  —  —  —  —  —  — 
Profit before tax  6,705  6,823  8,065  (118)  (2)  (7) 
RoTE1 (%) 22.6 25.0 33.3
RoTE excluding notable items1 (%) 22.9 25.0 25.1
Management view of revenue – on a constant currency basis ø
2025 2024 2023 2025 vs 2024
of which strategic 
transactions2
$m $m $m $m %  $m
Banking NII3  11,096  10,355  9,903  741  7  — 
Fee and other income4  1,842  1,987  2,036  (145)  (7)  — 
–  Retail Banking and Wealth  617  744  749  (127)  (17)  — 
–  Retail Banking  255  273  260  (18)  (7)  — 
–  Wealth  339  391  419  (52)  (13)  — 
–  Other5  23  80  70  (57) (71)
–  Commercial Banking  1,225  1,243  1,287  (18)  (1)  — 
–  Wholesale Transaction Banking  891  912  926  (21)  (2)  — 
–  Credit and Lending  238  216  178  22  10  — 
–  Other5  96  115  183  (19)  (17)  — 
Revenue excluding notable items  12,938  12,342  11,939  596  5  — 
Notable items  —  —  1,500  — n/a  — 
Revenue  12,938  12,342  13,439  596  5  — 
1    For details of our RoTE calculation by business segment, see page 94.
2    Impact of strategic transactions classified as material notable items. For further details, see ‘Strategic transactions supplementary analysis‘ on page 80.
3    For a description of how we derive banking NII, see page 66. In the UK business, there are no adjustments to NII to derive banking NII.
4    For supplementary analysis of fee and other income, see page 79.
5    Includes revenue from Markets Treasury. It also includes other non-product-specific income, gains/(losses) on property disposals and notional tax credits.
Strategic report ESG review Financial review Risk review Corporate 
Governance Report
Financial  
statements
Additional 
information
Business segments
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
18
$6.7bn